Hi.
This is Craig Golightly, and welcome to Deploying to Elastic Kubernetes Service.
Let's go through the demo application on AWS.
We're going to open an account and show all of the
commands step by step for creating, updating,
and scaling your app on Kubernetes so you can go back and
follow along in your own AWS account.
We'll check out the AWS web console,
including the monitoring and billing information you can get there.
Finally,
we'll go through how to delete your cluster so you don't have any
leftover resources adding to your monthly bill.
To open and Amazon Web Services account, go to aws.amazon .com.
You'll need to provide an email, name and address,
and valid credit card information.
You'll also need a mobile phone number where you can
receive a code to verify the account.
Let's switch to a web browser and create an AWS account.
Go to aws.amazon .com and select Create an AWS Account.
Enter your email address, create a password,
and choose a name for your AWS account.
Select Professional or Personal, then enter your name,
phone number, and address.
Confirm the agreement, then select Create Account and Continue.
Enter your credit card information.
You'll confirm your identity with a mobile phone number where you can
receive a confirmation code and the robot security check.
Check your mobile device for the verification code, then select Verify Code.
Select a support plan.
You can always go back and change this later.
I'm just going to go with the Free plan for now.
Now you're ready to sign into the console.
Use the email address associated with your account,
and the password you created.
Now that you have an account created, let's initialize the tooling.
First, you'll install the AWS CLI.
In the exercise files I've included a link to installation
instructions for different operating systems.
Note that the AWS CLI required Python and you'll also need an access key
and secret from your AWS account to configure the CLI.
Next, you'll install the aws-iam-authenticator.
Finally,
eksctl; this is a tool that helps manage cloud formation stacks for
different aspects of your Kubernetes cluster.
Confirm that you have Python in your environment.
I'm on an Ubuntu machine so I'll update,
then install the AWS CLI through apt get.
You can confirm the installation by running aws --version.
From the AWS web console, select the username, then My Security Credentials.
Confirm that you want to continue.
Under Access keys, select Create New Access Key.
Note that in a production scenario you would not want to
create an access key for your root user.
Download the key file, then you will see an access key id and a secret key.
To configure the CLI, run aws configure,
then enter the access key and secret access key when prompted.
You can also configure a default region name.
From the AWS console, select on the region,
then you can see the region name next to each region.
I'm going to use us-east-1.
Finally you can specify a default output format; I'll choose json.
There are different options to install the AWS IAM
Authenticator based on your operating system.
You can verify the installation by running aws-iam-authenticator help.
Next, install eksctl.
Again,
I've included links in the exercise files with instructions on how to do this. You can verify your installation by running eksctl version.